now i want you to go to custocare frontend on /c/dev/custocare/frontend, study carefully how the global app search bar has been implemented and we do the exact same thing with custosell, meanwhile for custosell, searches and search terms shall be aroudnwith the user has access to on the sidebar(modules and their subnav items) but we list all options, filter show only relevant information based on what the user can access and when the user clicks on that, they are redirected to that specific page or resource. We shall stick to the design guidelines of custosell


now under 'Discussion' on boards/pipelines, the when new messages appear, he user has to first scroll to the top within the container which can be very frustrating, new messages should show without user scrolling to the top. Also add customer should be standard modal like we see for products and Categories. Also invited members on the board should also appear for team assigmnet under 'Assignees' on cards/leads/tasks.



Now the items on the header/Navbar do not distribute well to occupy available space on mobile. It should distibute well so alot of space dont remoan unutilised especially on the left and right. This applies to the tab navigation at the bottom on mobile as well.



Now we need another type of account, on top of having 'Personal' and Business Accounts, we need shopping account. What happens with this is for Online store front buyers, with these users, they stricttly have access to the component that shows 'Discover' under 'Discover & My Orders' for shopping account, they only they dont have access to any dashboard, so on the storefront bottom navigation, we must not show dashboard option or label, these users are their to strictly, browse:'Products & Services,
Businesses,
Cart,
Wishlist,
Orders' 

On the register page, we must include this as one of the options of the account types. These users dont subsribe to anything. and we must also update our FAQS seeder on the backend. Everything must work end to end. So when user creates account using the modals that show up on the public store page, they are basically creating shopping accounts and they can as well choose showing acounts from the register page. Lets make sure everything syncs well end to end , backend and frontend. No room for error.



Make Budgets and Income appear under 'Income & expenses' on business accounts but label for budgets should be 'Budgets' while for personal account keep 'My Budgets'


The orders page, Products and Services, Buinesses Page on public store front, those pasges must always keep fresh and not cache data. 